# Kohn Reflection
I was homeschooled through high school, so my ideas surrounding grades are often different from the ideas of my peers. When homeschooling, I was able to work on things until I understood them and then move on from then once I had fully learned the material, which I feel helped me to enjoy learning more and gain a full understanding of topics rather than just a partial understanding just to get by. This is one of the things that has frustrated me as I got into college, because I feel that the focus on grades makes the class less learning focused. I also hold the opinion that if I learn all of the course material by the end of the class I should get a good grade in this class, regardless of whether or not I learned the material at the time when it was being taught. If the point of the class is to learn the class material, it shouldn't matter on what timeline the student "gets it" since people learn on different schedules. 

As I've gotten into my higher level Computer Science classes at Grand Valley, I have seen a shift from the traditional grading system to "mastery grading" in many of my courses, which I think is a large step up from traditional grading. Mastery grading can be implemented in different ways, but it usually consists of being able to redo assignments until you have proven that you understand the material and not being assigned letter grades on assignments. In my calculus class, we did not have grades on any assignments at all and instead wrote 3 portfolios throughout the course of the semester where we had to provide evidence that we understood the course topics based on submitted assignments, and then we would have a portfolio meeting with the professor in order to discuss our performance in the class, and in the last portfolio meeting we discussed what we thought our final grade should be. I enjoyed this for a calculus class, especially since it meant we did not have any exams, and I felt like it helped me to enjoy and be excited about math in a way that I hadn't experienced before. I think that this is similar to the grading process used in this class.

I really like the idea of alternative grading, and feel that I have a bit of a bias towards it based on my homeschooling background. I feel that most alternative grading formats have helped me to not only learn the material more thoroughly, but also be more excited about the course material, since I didn't have to be so stressed about getting a good grade, and doing everything 100% correctly the first time, since learning is often a process that involves mistakes. I am excited that this class is doing alternative grading because I enjoy learning and being able to explore things that I am interested in within a certain topic, which seems like it will be very possible with the way that this course is structured.